Sync & corrections by Costa Dax
www.addic7ed.com
[LOCK BUZZES]
[LATCH CLICKS]
Brinks?
[LOCK BUZZES]
Let's go. You're being transferred.
Why?
I don't know and I really don't care.
- Let's go.
- Well, where am I going?
Did someone tell my public defender?
The Feds want you, and it's not
- my deal to explain to you...
- The Feds?
What, for petty theft? That
doesn't make any sense.
Hands.
You'll have to ask the agent.
Come on.
Agent Lasalle, here you go.
She's got questions.
Well, I've got answers.
Thanks for your help today, Officer.
♪ Boom, boom, boom, boom ♪
♪ Bang, bang, bang, bang ♪
♪ How, how, how, how ♪
♪ Hey, hey ♪
♪ ♪
♪ You gotta come on. ♪
[CHEERING, APPLAUSE]
- Yes!
- Come on!
[INDISTINCT SHOUTING]
RYAN: Come on!
HANNAH: Yes!
- So close!
- RYAN: You were robbed!
She was not robbed.
Fate.
- Fate robbed her.
- [LAUGHS]
You know, I think we're
in a really good place.
You know, just co-parenting
and setting our own stuff aside.
Are you buttering me up?
How did that even become an expression?
[LAUGHS] This is not an answer.
Well, I'm not buttering you up.
But there is, there is something I want
- to talk to you about.
- I knew it.
- About Naomi, really.
- Spit it out.
I met someone.
Someone who's becoming
really important to me.
Good for you.
[LAUGHS] That came out wrong. I...
- Really?
- Yeah.
Because I know you weren't expecting it.
Oh, of course I was.
No, you weren't.
Yeah, yeah. I'm an investigator.
It's my job, you know,
to just prepare for things
and anticipate eventualities, you know.
- [CHUCKLES]
- [PHONE RINGING]
Um, I did want you to meet her, though,
before I introduce her to Naomi.
You know, I think that-that
would make things easier for...
Uh, this is work.
- We'll talk later?
- Yeah.
Hey. What's up?
[SIGHS]
SEBASTIAN: We just got
these shots of Etta Brinks
and Lasalle's imposter from
Tangipahoa Parish Jail.
Apparently, the paperwork
held up to initial scrutiny.
It wasn't until they
processed their half of it...
That they realized a dead
agent was back in the field?
- Yeah.
- The imposter softened them up
with a phone call, then arrived
with well-forged credentials
and a transfer order.
Yeah, well, who's the
woman that he sprung?
Etta Brinks, lifelong grifter.
Moved around a lot,
creating new identities.
Also likes to separate
people from their money.
Uh, the guy who picked her up
from jail... accomplice, family?
I don't know the former, but
I know she only has one sister.
Yeah, Kristen Brinks. She died
under suspicious circumstances
- a few weeks ago.
- CARTER: Hmm. File that
under "probably not a coincidence".
Probably not.
She was shot execution-style.
The case went cold pretty quickly.
But I unleashed our
software on social media
to try to find something. I got this.
- Oh, well, that's Vice Admiral Hicks.
- Yeah.
A few days after this,
he abruptly resigned.
A few days after that,
Kristen was murdered.
I can't believe he had
anything to do with this.
Was he a suspect? I mean,
did the police even talk to him?
SEBASTIAN: No. NOPD
never found these pictures,
so they never knew
they were supposed to.
Is he the kind of man
who'd get in trouble
with a beautiful woman?
Him? He's married. Um...
I only know him through my father.
Because the timing of this feels...
Front-page-of-the-tabloids icky.
The admiral resigned.
If he killed her, no reason to.
Scandal's over. If he didn't,
it must have been a payoff.
Otherwise the details
would have come out.
So, at that point, why
bother to kill her?
Okay, so he didn't kill her.
But there was something.
We've got too many
moving pieces otherwise.
Well, maybe her sister
was in the middle of a grift,
and then Etta came
out to finish the job?
Yeah, but why steal Lasalle's identity?
Simplest answer is that this
guy looks a lot like Chris.
Start running our fake agent's photo
through facial recognition.
And we need to go talk
to the vice admiral.
- I'm on it.
- Take Sebastian.
I don't need him.
Dude, I'm, like, right here.
You'd be surprised.
- Yeah. Awesome.
- GREGORIO: Hey.
Hi, everybody.
Your dad didn't tell us you were coming.
Because her dad didn't know.
Hey.
You're always welcome. You know that.
It's just, if I'd known, I would
have done something special.
Well, spending time with you is special.
Thanks.
What's wrong?
Nothing.
[SIGHS] Please don't do that thing.
- What thing?
- That thing,
where you treat me like
I'm hiding something
and then you try to pry it out of me.
[CHUCKLES] That thing is my job.
Exactly.
I'm not here for an investigation.
I'm here for family.
So... there is something you're hiding.
[SIGHS] I'm starting to think
that maybe this was a bad idea.
No. I'm really glad you're here.
Okay, great. Then why
don't you tell me about
a good book that you read
or a new album that you discovered?
Okay, um...
You first.
You're still doing that thing. So...
- I'm gonna go.
- No...
But maybe we can get dinner tonight?
Su-Sure.
And when I say "we",
I mean me and my dad,
not me and the seasoned
NCIS investigator.
Yeah. Got it.
[SIGHS]
Vice Admiral Hicks?
Yeah?
Special Agents Quentin Carter
and Sebastian Lund, NCIS.
You Admiral Carter's son?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I met you at his installation.
Well, what brings you here?
Uh, well, we just wanted to know more
about why you resigned so abruptly.
I wanted to spend more
time with the family,
slow down for my health.
All the usual stuff.
Yeah, but we're wondering,
sir, if maybe, uh,
this girl had anything to do with it.
[SIGHS]
Whatever she's telling you, it's a lie.
I did the right thing.
Well, she's not telling
us anything, Admiral.
She's dead.
I was introduced to
Kristen at a fundraiser.
I had one drink.
The next thing I know, I'm waking up
and she's got pictures of a situation
that I don't remember being in.
One that I never would have chosen.
She wanted something.
It doesn't matter. I
didn't give it to her.
I resigned instead.
Look, I-I think that you
want us to leave here
100% assured that you're no longer
a person of interest in this case.
For that, we-we got to be satisfied
that you didn't hold anything back.
Sir.
I was working PR
on an upcoming construction
project near Belle Chasse.
She wanted to know the details,
possible bidders, that kind of thing.
What's a grifter gonna
do with that information?
HICKS: It'd be very valuable
to a firm who wanted
to make a winning bid.
When was the last time you saw Kristen?
She came here, to my house.
I mean, thank God my wife wasn't home.
She begged me to reconsider, to give her
something, anything.
I sent her away empty-handed.
Hmm. How did she react?
Scared, maybe even desperate.
Yeah, well, in retrospect, it
looks like she had reason to be.
Any idea who she was
working with or for?
No.
You two now
know what I know.
I trust that will be enough.
Well, actually, it's a
murder investigation...
Yes, sir.
Thank you. Come on.
SEBASTIAN: Hey, you can't just
let him off the hook like that.
I'm not letting him off the hook.
Well, he basically just told
us to leave him out of it.
- And we will until we can't.
- Then what?
Then I call my dad and tell him
he probably won't be invited
to Hicks's holiday party.
[CAR ALARM CHIRPS]
[HANDLE CLICKS]
Okay.
[DOOR SHUTS, ENGINE STARTS]
It's real funny.
[HANDLE CLICKING]
So we were right about the blackmail.
Yeah, except the information
that Kristen Brinks wanted
wouldn't have been much use to her.
However, it would be
to the right kind of
shady businessperson.
It seemed to us that the party
where they met had to be part
of the setup, so we looked
up who hosted it, and...
- [BEEPS]
- And I...
I guess your tech isn't my tech.
Wow. Huh.
It must have gotten messed
up in the last update.
I'm sure.
I'll fix it.
Meet Jack Hardin.
Lots of pictures of him
in the society pages.
He runs a consulting firm.
Now, there aren't many
details on how that company
makes money, but he's known
for throwing exclusive parties.
Hardin doesn't have a criminal record,
but he has been
scandal-adjacent more than once.
All right, so that leaves
us with Etta Brinks.
What's our theory about
her connection to Hardin?
- Revenge.
- Kristen knew that she was in trouble
when she failed to
hook the vice admiral.
If she called her sister,
that could explain
why Etta took the risk of
returning to Louisiana,
even though she had
an outstanding warrant.
Yeah, if it were me, you
come after my family,
I don't care who you
are, I'm coming for you.
Wow.
He's got a heart.
And it's-it's filled with
vigilante vengeance,
but... somewhere in that
suit, it... I mean, it's there.
Etta only had two weeks
left on her sentence.
There's probably a reason
why she got broken out now.
Yeah, we're thinking another
party. Hardin didn't get
- the information he needed...
- [PHONE RINGING]
- ...so he needs to target someone else.
- All right.
Let's track down Jack Hardin.
Odds are that'll lead us
to whoever's impersonating Lasalle.
Yeah.
Hey, Loretta, what's up?
Well, apparently, it's bad luck
to impersonate a murdered man.
You found the suspect?
Not before someone else found him first.
He's been executed.
♪ ♪
WADE: It appears as if our
imposter was ambushed,
- then double-tapped.
- Looks like Etta Brinks' sister.
WADE: Uh-huh. Prints came
back to a Rhett Howard.
He's got a rap sheet: fraud,
check-kiting, forgery.
Which extends the list of people
that might have wanted him dead.
Not just Hardin and Etta Brinks
but maybe one of his previous victims.
Etta Brinks doesn't have
a history of violence.
And yet two of her known
associates are dead.
I'll expedite the ballistics,
see if the same gun was used.
Thanks, Loretta.
Look, if this guy sprung
Etta Brinks to get revenge
on Hardin for Kristen's murder,
they might be out of their league.
Well, let's hope you find her
before she's body number three.
CARTER: Body belong to our imposter?
Yeah. That's his fake NCIS ID.
It's a quality job. I could admire it
if I wasn't so mad he
stole my friend's identity.
Yeah, I found two other
high-level folks that, uh,
look like they could have been
targeted by Hardin in the past.
Seemed unlikely your friend
would've been the only one.
He's my dad's friend.
I read your file. What's
up with you Carters?
Is the Navy like a family
business or something?
[LAUGHS]
No, no, um...
My brother, he joined
because, well, you know,
he's that guy, like my dad.
And my sister joined
because she's super smart
and they promised her
that she could do research.
Hmm. And you?
Hardin's back in New Orleans,
and, you know, I get why you're mad,
but you could also see it
as your friend reaching out
from the great beyond to help us stop
a vicious murdering jackass.
Oh, is Lasalle a
crime-solving ghost now?
I mean, if he'd never been impersonated,
we would've never gotten involved.
True.
Don't think I didn't notice
you avoided my question.
Hey.
- Hey.
- Wow.
- Smells fantastic.
- Thanks.
I've been cooking a lot more recently,
testing out some new recipes.
- Cooking for two?
- Dad.
Look, it doesn't take a
policeman to guess the reason
you're down here is something to
do with that guy you're dating.
You know his name.
David, and the way you
said that tells me I'm right.
So...
not going well?
Actually,
it was great.
Too great.
- Things got intense, fast. Can you...?
- Yeah.
And?
[SIGHS] And there's a reason
I always promised myself
I'd never date someone
in law enforcement.
When did you make
that promise to yourself?
A long time ago.
I've seen the way it gets in
the way of, well, everything,
and...
And you don't want a
repeat of your childhood.
So, okay,
pretending like that doesn't sting...
...what was the reason that
brought you down here?
We were, uh, supposed to have
a special night a few days ago.
Dinner and a show,
but he got called away to a case, so...
Ah.
Done that a few times.
Never made your mother happy, either.
So that was my sign. It was over.
I came down here to clear my head.
- So...
- Did you two talk about it?
No.
I've seen how those conversations go.
I watched them a million times.
There's no way to win, is there?
Well, sharing your feelings
shouldn't be a win/lose...
Yeah, but what do my
feelings matter when there's
some family out there suffering?
All it does is make me
feel even more selfish.
And all it does is confirm that
I will always be second to what
- somebody else needs.
- Laurel,
your mom and I had some issues,
- but we always...
- You know, I have told you
several times now
that I don't want to talk about this.
Look, I don't want to interfere
and I'm not trying to
make you feel bad. I'm...
I know. I just...
I'm sorry. I'm not very hungry anymore.
Excuse me.
It's not like I don't know that
her mother and I made mistakes.
Well, every parent makes mistakes.
If you don't make the ones
your own parents make,
- you make totally new ones.
- I know.
But I also know it's not about me.
I mean, it can't be about me,
although it kind of
feels like it's about me.
What's your gut tell you
about the situation?
Maybe she doesn't want
a cop for a partner,
maybe that's fair,
but last night
she was more torn up
than I'd ever seen her.
She misses him.
Well, I'm just afraid that
she's pushing him away
for all the wrong reasons,
and by the time she works
through the whole mess of it,
it'll be too late.
Or maybe she's giving
herself space and time
to figure that out for herself.
You know, when I was young and dating,
I was so concerned as to
whether or not a man liked me,
I didn't think about my own feelings.
I wish I'd had Laurel's
maturity at her age.
Laurel is a very strong,
confident woman.
Yes, it's as if she was raised
by supportive, loving parents.
Then... just thinking about it,
she never actually asked
me for any help, just space.
Oh.
I just should've kept my mouth shut,
but old habits die hard, right?
Well, just because we learn
something about ourselves
doesn't mean we can always do
something with the information.
Hope I haven't made
things worse for her.
Dwayne, when her heart was hurting,
who did she turn to
to feel safe and loved?
To me.
She still needs to feel safe and loved.
You got this.
Thank you, Loretta.
Anytime.
So, now, curious about the case?
Of course.
These traces of soap and shampoo
were still on the body,
and it came back as
a specific brand name
used only by the NOPSI
Hotel, here in New Orleans.
Well, if he and our missing
prisoner were working together,
she might still be there.
Well, am I a full-service help
desk this morning or what?
[CHUCKLES] You're the best.
Yes, he is a guest,
but not under the name Rhett Howard.
Well, whatever his name is,
we need a key to his room.
This warrant should
give you what you need.
Let me make a key
and I'll escort you up.
- Great, thanks.
- HANNAH: Okay, I'll try.
That's the best I can do, Ryan. Bye.
How'd it go?
Um, Ryan just made dinner reservations
for us with Veronica.
Okay, are you going?
No. I can't think of anything
more uncomfortable.
For what it's worth, I think
Ryan's doing the right thing.
Don't you want to meet the woman
who could be Naomi's stepmother?
Whoa. I... [STAMMERS]
I-I can't wrap my head
around that right now.
It doesn't seem like Ryan has
a problem with it, though.
Ma'am, when I went to make the
key, I was alerted that a charge
was just made to the room in
the lobby bar right over there.
There she is.
Redhead.
I hated that one. Two more just like it.
Etta Brinks?
You're under arrest.
Rhett Howard got you out of jail
and ends up dead less
than 24 hours later.
Look, I don't know why
he busted me out of jail.
- I was just glad to go.
- He forged the identity
of a man who worked for
me, a man who was killed
- in the line of duty.
- Well, like I said...
Stop playing games.
Right now your best case
is finishing your stint at
Tangipahoa Parish Jail.
They'll tag on a year for the jailbreak.
We'll tag on three because you conspired
with a man who impersonated
a federal officer.
That last bit is federal time.
Means you get moved to a federal jail
with federal guards.
Okay, not gonna lie,
that sounds a lot worse
than finishing my 15 days.
Then tell us, why did you
go through all this trouble?
A man named Jack
Hardin killed my sister.
She and Rhett were engaged. We were both
motivated to make Hardin pay.
Can you prove he killed her?
No,
but I know he did it.
So Rhett and I were just skipping
straight to the punishment phase.
What's that, steal his money,
like you did to so many other people?
No, make him suffer.
Take everything that makes him him
- and watch him twist.
- Hardin's back in New Orleans.
I'm guessing he's
planning another party.
Rhett forged me an invitation.
And, thanks to the things that
Kristen knew about Hardin,
we had a pretty foolproof plan.
Hardin killed your
sister and her fiancé.
Why won't he kill you on sight?
He's never met me.
I wasn't working with Kristen.
I only came back because she called me
and said Hardin was gonna kill her.
When was that?
Two months ago.
Unfortunately, on my way back into town,
I got picked up
on an outstanding warrant.
I pled out,
hoping that I would get to her in time.
I didn't.
You're being very forthcoming.
Jack Hardin took the only
thing that I care about.
And right now
my only hope for revenge
is getting you to arrest him.
We have nothing to arrest him for.
Yeah, that's true.
If only there were a way
to catch a guy like that
red-handed.
- PRIDE: She's playing us.
- Yeah.
She's not even trying to hide it.
But it's a win-win as
far as I'm concerned.
She gets revenge, we get Hardin.
Look, Vice Admiral Hicks said no,
but a lot of other powerful
players have said yes.
Hardin's not stupid enough
to leave evidence out
- where it's easy to find.
- No.
And I don't care how good her plan is,
I don't believe in foolproof.
I don't believe in Santa,
but it doesn't keep me
from going to the mall at Christmastime.
All right...
I'm willing to listen.
Excellent.
You like an underdog.
No, no, I just hate jackasses.
And Hardin is definitely a jackass.
♪ ♪
My sister told me he wears a ring,
and it's actually a digital vault.
It has all his blackmail
files and financials.
Cold storage device.
- Exactly.
- That's why you need two people.
Back up. I-I missed something.
Uh, well, these types
of storage devices,
they can be accessed with an RFID reader
if you're in close enough proximity.
So all you need to do is shake his hand?
It doesn't sound like a secure system.
Well, it wouldn't be, but
there's a second step.
To access the information
from an unknown computer,
you need to input 25 security words
in exactly the correct order.
How in the world are you
gonna hack that?
Kristen once saw him
access his challenge words
on his phone.
Apparently, going to his
safe to access his list
is too much trouble.
SEBASTIAN: Then we're
talking about two hacks.
Right? We're talking
about getting the list first.
And then accessing
the ring with that list.
Then we copy the data and arrest him.
Don't forget to empty his bank accounts.
Leave him so broke
he has to pawn his
Patek Phillipe for ramen.
We're probably gonna skip that part.
- Are we?
- ETTA: We shouldn't.
Look, if he's got his
money, he'll just hire
fancy lawyers to defend him.
He'll be out in a week.
Justice isn't the same
for the dirty rich.
Hmm, ain't that the truth, huh?
I like you.
The purpose of the party is extortion.
Federal agents will be
there to witness him
trying to compromise someone.
- It's a solid case.
- PRIDE: All right, Hannah,
you'll accompany Gregorio to the party.
Wait. No. Let me do it.
Manipulating people for my own purposes
is kind of my bag.
Hannah, you comfortable going with her?
No problem.
Okay.
Tammy, Carter, Sebastian and I...
we'll run surveillance
and take care of the hacks.
Excuse me. This officer
says you know him, Pride.
Cabrera.
- Jersey.
- Hey, Brooklyn.
I'm, uh, sorry to interrupt.
Do you have a moment?
Is Laurel here? In New Orleans?
Yeah.
But, uh, I don't know if
she wants to talk yet.
Okay. I...
I was scared something happened to her.
I'm glad she's safe.
Wait, she didn't tell you
where she was going?
No. She just disappeared.
No note, no text. She
isn't answering my calls.
I got scared enough to get on a plane.
You should've called me.
If I needed to tell you
your daughter was missing,
I wanted to do it in person.
That's...
that's actually very thoughtful.
Has she... spoken to you
about what happened?
She has.
But I don't want to
betray any confidence.
Do I have any chance to fix this?
Canceling a date and
putting a case first...
Wait, wait, wait.
...has triggered a lot of things.
She said that I canceled
because of a case?
That doesn't make any sense.
- It wasn't for a case?
- I didn't cancel at all.
We were supposed to go
to a dinner and a show.
I thought she was excited about it.
And I waited in the restaurant
alone for two hours.
She ghosted me.
I haven't spoken to her since.
[KNOCKING ON DOOR]
- Hannah, come on. I have to wire you.
- Come on in.
Wow.
Is it okay?
Is it okay? It's beautiful,
and you know it.
Should I wear it to dinner
with Ryan and Veronica?
- Duh.
- [CHUCKLING]
It's not too much?
Going to a casual dinner
in a cocktail dress
sets the tone perfectly.
"Hi, I'm your crazy ex-wife,
and you're never getting away from me".
You gonna do it?
I don't know.
Look, I don't want to be married
to Ryan anymore, but...
it terrifies me to think
of him and Naomi
starting a family and me being left out.
- You're not being left out, though.
- [SCOFFS]
And I think this is Ryan's whole point.
And by the way, being a family
doesn't mean being a
couple with some kids.
It's what you make it.
Yeah, but I didn't choose this person.
She's being forced on me.
She's not a hand-knit
sweater by Granny Jean.
Listen, you go, you get to know her.
Maybe this is the girl that
makes your ex really happy.
- Which I want?
- Yes, or...
all the alarm, signals, bells go off,
and you're able to protect Naomi before
Ryan brings her home.
I hadn't thought about that last part.
Come on, you got to go.
Thanks.
- Listen...
- Hmm?
I don't know if you need to hear this,
but you're a beautiful, strong woman,
and if this is what you
want, then you'll be the one
bringing your own love
to meet the family soon.
Okay?
Come on.
[GREGORIO CLEARS THROAT LOUDLY]
Oh. Uh...
that's a very appropriate dress
for the professional thing
that we're about to do.
What Sebastian is trying to
say is that you look beautiful.
Can I say that?
You can say that, you
just can't creepy say that.
Thank you, Sebastian.
PRIDE: Etta has been prepped,
and she appears to understand her role.
Appears to?
Well, you're the one that said
that you're good at manipulating
what you want people to see, so...
SEBASTIAN: All right, so,
these both have hidden
cameras inside them,
along with RFID scanners.
So just get within five feet of Hardin,
and we'll do the rest.
Shall we?
♪ ♪
[PLAYING UPBEAT JAZZ]
All right, let's do a lap
on the way to the bar,
get as much footage of
the guests as possible.
All right. I'll keep an
eye out for Hardin.
- Thank you.
Any likely blackmail targets yet?
Someone who had the same info
that our vice admiral refused to give?
No, nothing yet, but it's early days.
Hopefully, they haven't
already gotten to it.
PRIDE: Hang on. Freeze that.
[TAPS KEYBOARD]
That is
Captain Harold Longford,
Seabee out of Gulfport.
Ten to one he's our guy.
Yeah. Hannah?
Man with a dark suit,
green tie, talking to the woman in red.
Uh-huh. I got him.
Don't go too far. He
could be our target.
♪ ♪
- Thank you.
Have you seen Hardin yet?
Not yet.
HANNAH: There he is. 12 o'clock.
HANNAH: Are you seeing this?
PRIDE: Yeah, yeah, they're
signaling each other.
Seems like there's
three of them involved.
That was fast. They must have
put something in his drink.
Looks like they're
getting him out of here.
You two stick with Hardin.
We got the captain.
♪ ♪
Hardin reserved another
room on the ninth floor.
We'll intercept them
before they got there.
We'll back up Hannah
and monitor the hack. Go.
Well, why, what a lovely party.
Well... thank you.
And such a lovely dress.
[CHUCKLES] Oh. Thank you.
I don't think we've been introduced.
I'm Hannah.
SEBASTIAN: Okay, we got the ring.
Starting to access his phone.
And this is...
Georgina. We were invited by, uh, Carly.
She just stepped out.
Oh, Carly knows she's always allowed
to invite beautiful women to my parties.
[BOTH LAUGH]
- You're...?
- Jack.
Jack Hardin.
But you knew that, didn't you?
PRIDE: Stop, Crying, Snowflakes
- are his first three words?
- Ew.
Listen, why don't we
go someplace quieter
so we can get to know each other?
[CHUCKLES] Oh, Mr. Hardin.
Women get dressed up like
this so they can be seen.
Oh, is that why you
got dressed like that?
Came to a very rich man's
party just to be seen?
Let my reputation
rub off a little?
[ELEVATOR BELL DINGS]
[WOMEN LAUGHING]
Federal agents. Hands up!
Whoa. Whoa, whoa, whoa.
- You two, up against the wall.
- Sit down.
Hey, NOPD's in the
lobby. Bring the girls
to transfer custody, I'll call
an ambulance for the captain.
Hannah, listen, the hack has
started but we need more time.
We haven't found all
25 challenge words yet.
So, what's it gonna be?
[CHUCKLES] Well, we
would love to talk to you.
Well, then,
I'm more comfortable
getting to know someone
without all of the distractions.
- So, ladies, please.
- Oh, thank you.
- Thank you.
And let me get this door.
- Ladies.
- Thank you.
Nice room.
Make yourselves at home.
All right, Hannah, we
got it. You can leave.
- Okay, ladies.
- [GUN CLICKS]
Now... tell me who you work for.
♪ ♪
You don't really need a gun.
I've read "Fifty Shades of Grey",
but I'm not really that kind of girl.
Make sure we got
everything. I'll get Hannah.
HARDIN: I saw you watching the captain.
I find that very curious.
I'm sure when I speak to Carly later...
Why wait? Get her in here now.
No, no, no, no. Don't
tell me what to do.
I'm in charge here.
Why?
Because I'm the one that's
holding the damn gun.
Wait. Hold on a second. Etta?
- You killer her. You killed my sister.
- Here. Etta.
You said it would be better knowing
that he would rot, knowing
that you bested him.
Okay? We got him. We caught him.
No, that is not how it works
when you have his kind of money.
The second you guys deviated
from bankrupting him, I
knew I needed a plan B.
NCIS.
Etta, there's a plan C, okay?
Hey.
Listen, I know it's hard
for you to trust people,
but just look at me, okay?
Look at me for a second.
Etta, I'm gonna make sure that he goes
to prison remembering
that killing Kristen
was the last thing he
ever did as a free man.
- Everything okay?
- Yeah.
Everything's fine.
[HARDIN COUGHING]
Hey, don't look so down.
I just can't shake the feeling
he's gonna get away with it.
Well, a little birdy might have told me
that since all of his
ill-gotten gains are related
to national security issues...
...the government has
frozen all his accounts,
making him destitute.
You made that happen.
Why would you do that?
'Cause you're right.
Justice isn't the same
for the dirty rich.
And Hardin's money wasn't his, anyway.
I mean, why should a thief
and a murderer
be allowed to use blood
money to defend himself?
[LAUGHS SOFTLY]
I knew I liked you.
Make good choices, Etta Brinks.
I'm glad our story has a happy ending.
Now I got to go do something
ten times more complicated.
Oh, yeah? Your personal life?
I got to mediate Laurel
and her boyfriend.
Oh, I can relate.
I'm, uh, gonna have dinner with
Ryan and his new girlfriend.
Ouch.
[CHUCKLES] Yeah.
You want to swap?
- Yeah.
- [LAUGHS]
But, uh, I got a feeling
it wouldn't work out for either of us.
Good luck.
You, too.
[GRUNTS SOFTLY]
- [KNOCKS ON DOOR]
- Hey.
Just me.
You still thinking about it?
Yeah. [LAUGHS]
Why?
Look, I just know that as soon
as I walk in there with you,
this is all gonna be... real.
It's already real, love.
Well, I guess you better
stop calling me that.
[BOTH LAUGH]
Look, I know this is for the best...
I know this is for the best, I just...
suddenly realized that our family...
...ours, is over.
And I'm not really sure that I'm
ready to accept that just yet.
Hannah,
our family's never gonna be over.
It's, it's just gonna
evolve a little bit.
But I always want you part of it.
Why don't you come in with me?
I'm really excited for
you to meet Veronica.
Why?
Because I have really,
really good taste in women.
Mm-hmm.
And I only get serious
about the very best.
Come on.
That was pretty cute
of me, don't you think?
- Mm, it was cute. Thank you.
- [LAUGHS]
[LAUGHS]
[DOOR LOCK CLICKS]
[SIGHS]
Cabrera came into the office today.
He's here? Why?
'Cause he's worried about you.
And he's telling a
slightly different version
of what happened than you did.
He told you I stood him up?
He did.
Why lie to me?
You know I love you no matter what.
I don't know. I was...
embarrassed and confused.
I know you're worried
that with Cabrera,
you're always gonna be
second to the job, but...
I'm sorry that I said that before.
You didn't always make
me feel like I came second
to your job, just-just sometimes.
And that was a mistake.
My mistake.
And I don't want my mistake
to stand in the way of
your happiness now.
It's not that simple.
Cabrera seems like a great guy.
Is it possible that you're projecting
something onto him that-that
maybe isn't totally fair?
I mean, maybe y-you could just work
your way through all of this.
Like you and mom worked through it?
[CHUCKLES]
[SIGHS]
For a whole lot of years,
actually, yes, we did.
Just because...
we're not together now,
that doesn't mean that...
that our entire marriage was terrible,
or that I regret it.
I know, but...
I-I have a lot of wonderful memories.
Most of all, we made you.
And I wouldn't trade that for the world.
Okay, so you're saying
that if I do marry him
and get divorced, it's
not gonna ruin my life?
[CHUCKLES] Well, okay. Hey,
I-I think we're getting maybe a
little ahead of ourselves there.
Are we?
Um...
There's more.
Okay.
That night that I stood him up?
- [PHONE BUZZES]
- No.
- He's downstairs.
- What?
Laurel.
♪ You make me wish I was yours... ♪
David.
I'm sorry that I ran.
CABRERA: I don't care, okay?
I just want you to be happy,
even if that means without me.
No, I love you.
You just don't love my job?
How'd it go?
I was m-mature and wise.
Yeah, well, I knew it'd be
hard, so I got you a drink.
Well, you were right.
She is a smart young woman.
She knows what she wants
and what she needs.
You're a good father.
And hopefully he'll give her the space
that she needs to make a good decision.
Oh.
[LAUGHS] Yeah. Yeah.
[PATRONS EXCLAIMING]
[APPLAUSE]
Oh, my God...
Ten minutes ago, they were over.
- Should we show your... Yeah.
- [LAUGHS]
[CHUCKLES]
Come on, you got to go over
there and say something.
Any ideas?
Because they're moving too fast.
I think this is a terrible mistake.
Well, I think... Don't say that.
[PANTING]
Hey. My little girl.
Engaged.
- Huh?
- [LAUGHS] Get in here. Hey, hey.
Oh, yay.
♪ ♪
Sync & corrections by Costa Dax
www.addic7ed.com
All new episodes of "9-1-1"
return Monday on Global.